#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
antspyx==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
apscheduler==3.10.4
    # via fmriprep
arrow==1.3.0
    # via codecarbon
astor==0.8.1
    # via formulaic
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   niworkflows
    #   sdcflows
bids-validator==1.13.1
    # via pybids
bokeh==2.2.3
    # via tedana
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.0
    # via requests
chart-studio==1.1.0
    # via antspyx
ci-info==0.3.0
    # via etelemetry
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   codecarbon
    #   nipype
    #   pybids
codecarbon==2.3.1
    # via fmriprep
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.0.3
    # via nitime
docopt==0.6.2
    # via num2words
etelemetry==0.3.0
    # via nipype
executing==2.0.0
    # via stack-data
filelock==3.12.4
    # via nipype
fmriprep==23.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.43.1
    # via matplotlib
formulaic==0.5.2
    # via pybids
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via codecarbon
greenlet==3.0.0
    # via sqlalchemy
h5py==3.9.0
    # via nitransforms
idna==3.4
    # via requests
imageio==2.31.5
    # via scikit-image
indexed-gzip==1.8.5
    # via smriprep
interface-meta==1.3.0
    # via formulaic
isodate==0.6.1
    # via rdflib
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   niworkflows
    #   tedana
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   nilearn
    #   scikit-learn
jupyter-core==5.3.2
    # via jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via smriprep
looseversion==1.3.0
    # via
    #   fmriprep
    #   nipype
    #   niworkflows
    #   smriprep
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   nilearn
    #   prov
    #   svgutils
mapca==0.0.3
    # via tedana
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via
    #   antspyx
    #   nitime
    #   niworkflows
    #   rapidtide
    #   seaborn
    #   smriprep
    #   tedana
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   nipype
    #   nitime
    #   prov
    #   scikit-image
nibabel==5.1.0
    # via
    #   antspyx
    #   fmriprep
    #   mapca
    #   nilearn
    #   nipype
    #   nitime
    #   nitransforms
    #   niworkflows
    #   pybids
    #   rapidtide
    #   sdcflows
    #   smriprep
    #   tedana
nilearn==0.10.2
    # via
    #   mapca
    #   niworkflows
    #   rapidtide
    #   tedana
nipype==1.8.6
    # via
    #   fmriprep
    #   niworkflows
    #   sdcflows
    #   smriprep
nitime==0.10.1
    # via fmriprep
nitransforms==23.0.1
    # via
    #   fmriprep
    #   niworkflows
    #   sdcflows
niworkflows==1.7.9
    # via
    #   fmriprep
    #   sdcflows
    #   smriprep
num2words==0.5.12
    # via pybids
numpy==1.26.0
    # via
    #   antspyx
    #   bokeh
    #   contourpy
    #   fmriprep
    #   formulaic
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   mapca
    #   matplotlib
    #   nibabel
    #   nilearn
    #   nipype
    #   nitime
    #   nitransforms
    #   niworkflows
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pybids
    #   pyfftw
    #   pyqtgraph
    #   pywavelets
    #   rapidtide
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sdcflows
    #   seaborn
    #   smriprep
    #   statsmodels
    #   tedana
    #   tifffile
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   fmriprep
    #   matplotlib
    #   nibabel
    #   nilearn
    #   nipype
    #   niworkflows
    #   plotly
    #   scikit-image
    #   smriprep
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.1.1
    # via
    #   antspyx
    #   codecarbon
    #   fmriprep
    #   formulaic
    #   nilearn
    #   niworkflows
    #   pybids
    #   rapidtide
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tedana
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   antspyx
    #   bokeh
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.17.0
    # via chart-studio
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via codecarbon
prov==2.0.0
    # via nipype
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   codecarbon
    #   fmriprep
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via codecarbon
pybids==0.16.3
    # via
    #   fmriprep
    #   niworkflows
    #   sdcflows
    #   smriprep
    #   templateflow
pydot==1.4.2
    # via nipype
pyfftw==0.13.1
    # via rapidtide
pynvml==11.5.0
    # via codecarbon
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pydot
    #   rdflib
pyqt5-sip==12.12.2
    # via rapidtide
pyqtgraph==0.12.4
    # via rapidtide
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   nipype
    #   pandas
    #   prov
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via rapidtide
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   antspyx
    #   bokeh
    #   niworkflows
    #   smriprep
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
rapidtide==2.6.5
    # via -r requirements.in
rdflib==7.0.0
    # via
    #   nipype
    #   prov
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   chart-studio
    #   codecarbon
    #   etelemetry
    #   fmriprep
    #   nilearn
    #   rapidtide
    #   templateflow
retrying==1.3.4
    # via chart-studio
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via
    #   antspyx
    #   niworkflows
    #   rapidtide
    #   sdcflows
scikit-learn==1.3.1
    # via
    #   antspyx
    #   mapca
    #   nilearn
    #   rapidtide
    #   tedana
scipy==1.11.3
    # via
    #   antspyx
    #   formulaic
    #   mapca
    #   nilearn
    #   nipype
    #   nitime
    #   nitransforms
    #   niworkflows
    #   pybids
    #   rapidtide
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sdcflows
    #   statsmodels
    #   tedana
sdcflows==2.4.3
    # via fmriprep
seaborn==0.13.0
    # via niworkflows
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via nipype
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   asttokens
    #   chart-studio
    #   isodate
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
smriprep==0.11.1
    # via fmriprep
sqlalchemy==2.0.21
    # via pybids
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via
    #   antspyx
    #   rapidtide
svgutils==0.3.4
    # via niworkflows
tedana==0.0.13
    # via fmriprep
templateflow==23.0.0
    # via
    #   fmriprep
    #   niworkflows
    #   sdcflows
    #   smriprep
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tedana
tifffile==2023.9.26
    # via scikit-image
toml==0.10.2
    # via fmriprep
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   rapidtide
    #   templateflow
traits==6.3.2
    # via
    #   nipype
    #   niworkflows
    #   sdcflows
transforms3d==0.4.1
    # via niworkflows
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   formulaic
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.1
    # via apscheduler
urllib3==2.0.6
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.8
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via antspyx
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via formulaic
